# Restaurant Management System

Event-Driven Architecture for a microservices-based system with a clean architecture + Domain Driven Design (DDD) + CQRS pattern + Saga pattern + Outbox pattern + CDC. The Agentic Recipe Assistant is an AI-powered solution. VRChef is a Unity based cooking simulation. FTM is a comprehensive food truck management application. Native declarations for LLS. URY is an open source ERP designed to simplify and streamline restaurant operations. Smarthome for Caravans and Motor Homes - System for measuring and displaying various values in caravans and motor homes, including climate values, fill levels and leveling data, energy data, propane/butane sensor. incl. display, config website, test routines, etc. Own circuit board created. metasfresh is a responsive, Free and Open Source ERP System. Openbravo ERP is a comprehensive solution for medium and large businesses, designed to optimize and automate key business processes. Openbravo Java POS is a point of sale application designed for touch screens, supports ticket printers, customer displays and barcode scanners. Floreant POS Opensource Enterprise Grade Restaurant POS application for QSR, Casual Dine-In, Fine Dine-In, Cafe and Retail. TastyIgniter A powerful and user-friendly system offering online ordering, table reservations, and restaurant management features. It supports multiple locations, menu customization, and reporting, making it suitable for both small cafes and large restaurant chains. PizzaQL is a modern OSS order management system for pizza restaurants. Enatega is a fully customizable and scalable delivery management system that supports multiple business models and service verticals. It allows you to launch and manage your own ordering and logistics platform for food, groceries, home services, courier delivery, and much more. uniCenta oPOS powerful commercial-grade open source Point Of Sale. 

The directory structure includes a specific folder for each phase of development and engineering programs:

- __MBSE__: The root folder Arcadia (ARChitecture Analysis and Design Integrated Approach) is a method of tools dedicated to systems engineering and architecture, supported by the Capella modeling tool.    
  - __CAD__: For computer-aided design.
  - __CAM__: Dedicated to the part manufacturing and assembly process.
  - __CAS__: For simulation of end-to-end functionality and performance analysis.

